Add the "line-31" to Article (#36579)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/blockchain/smart-contracts/index.md

Smart contracts in Ethereum are written using Solidity.  Solidity is a contract-oriented, high-level language for implementing Smart Contracts, and targets the Ethereum Virtual Machine. One can use Remix online IDE to try writing and deploying Smart Contracts.

### Smart Contracts in Hyperledger

> Smart contracts in Hyperledger is called chaincode, and is written in Golang programming language. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Smart Contract in Hyperledger is called chaincode and is written in Golang programming language. 
```
